content/donate/index.md, before:

---
title: Feed your developers and Organic Maps servers!
description: Donate to support the development of our free application
weight: 10
extra:
  menu_title: Donate
  preview_image: donate/donate.png
---

We are looking for your help to fund the further development of the Organic Maps application.

{{ donate_buttons() }}

## Why?

Organic Maps promotes the new ideology, which is unique on the market. Our app is entirely free from trackers and other nasty stuff:

- 100% free, without paid features
- No ads
- No tracking
- No data collection
- No phoning home
- No annoying registration
- No mandatory tutorials
- No noisy email spam
- No push notifications
- No crapware
- No pesticides

No ads, no tracking, no secret deals under the table! There is no even a paid premium version! Everyone can install the full-featured version of Organic Maps from the AppStore, Google Play, F-Droid, or GitHub at no cost.

Moreover, Organic Maps is one of a few applications nowadays that supports 100% of features without an active Internet connection. Install Organic Maps, download maps, throw away your SIM card (BTW, your operator constantly tracks you), and go for a weekly trip on a single battery charge without any byte sent to the network.

As you can guess, Big Money Brothers are not interested in this project. Nothing to sell. Since the beginning in December 2020, Organic Maps has 0 (zero, null, ноль) corporate and/or investor’s money involved. The development of this fork has been funded only by our personal money, and we continue to do so. This is a massive investment of money and time from our family budgets.

We rely on your donations to carry out our mission to keep Organic Maps open and free!


## What will the money be used for?

First of all, we pay for our servers and data transfer costs every month. Assume that with current monthly OSM updates, an average user can download about 500Mb of map data every month. For our existing 100+K users, this will lead to more than 50Tb of downloaded maps per month (and even more with weekly map updates!). For example, [AWS charges $0.08 per GB](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/on-demand/#Data_Transfer), which means $4.4K per month, just for the traffic. Of course, we are not in California to burn all investor’s money for AWS, but at least you should understand the problem we are facing.

Secondly, we want to focus on fixing bugs and improving the stability of the application. GitHub already has hundreds of issues reported, and this number is growing every day. AppStore, Google Play, and our email are overflooded with comments and bugs. We want to deliver a high-quality product. This is the top priority on our list.

Thirdly, there are many other cool things to do:

- Update maps data more often, at least weekly
- Implement proper GPS track recorder
- Add native GPX support
- Backup and sync bookmarks
- Improve map styles and make topo maps better
- Enhance OpenStreetMap editor
- Improve offline search, routing and navigation
- Android Auto
- Public Transport
- ... and many other features you want and love


## How to donate?

There are many ways to donate to the project:

- **[GitHub Sponsors][] - recommended**, zero fees
- [Liberapay][] - moderate fees
- [PayPal donate@organicmaps.app][PayPal] - high fees
- [SEPA/direct bank transfer][SEPA] - negligible fees
- [Cryptocurrency][Crypto] - extreme fees

Recurring donations are the best way to ensure a relatively stable income for
the project and motivate us for long-term tasks and goals. But you can also
donate one time.

{{ donate_buttons() }}

### SEPA and direct bank transfer

#### Euro

|   |   |
|---|---|
Account holder: | Organic Maps OÜ
BIC: | TRWIBEB1XXX
IBAN: | BE39967200310319
Bank name: | TransferWise Europe SA
Bank address: | Avenue Louise 54/S52, Brussels 1050, Belgium
Payment description: | Donation

#### Turkish lira (TL, TRY)

|   |   |
|---|---|
IBAN: | TR740010300000000047306089
Ad Soyad: | Organic Maps OÜ (Birleşik Ödeme Hizmetleri ve Elektronik Para A.Ş)
Açıklama: | Donation

### Crypto

Please consider donating annually to reduce total fees. Algorand, Tron,
Litecoin and Monero networks offer low fees, but situation changes every day.

<p id="crypto_table" />

Name | Token | Address
:--- | :---- | :------
Algorand      | ALGO | 3UZXZEPGFAM7E74IO32Y7O6KOY3E7NNNJVBV4GFS5UWQQSY7AIM5PK7C2E
Binance Coin  | BNB  | bnb1c8vmnqqhqc6lcajpzvuy4ss5dw3vjc7tc5q8zd
Bitcoin       | BTC  | bc1qjkq3tpy2gutsfdlcvys8slkempywk230u8rc8u
Bitcoin Cash  | BCH  | qqcjkzf7nlgvhng5vhq7n7hjrcdqccyqlq9h7gq4xw
Cardano       | ADA  | addr1qxh59080ujswxuzapzrdvuzpglfktg09gq9q7dxpdl7jfka0g27wle9qudc96zyx6ecyz37nvks72sq2pu6vzmlayndsj02qhw
Chainlink/ETH | LINK | 0x1D59bBe5d4332e34116DccDE5c1a8c736E1C2810
Chainlink/SOL | LINK | Eyv43vXxmSshDPReJnfMtrDspugsVR3S6PzJV38rMAZE
Cosmos        | ATOM | cosmos1jurqcft6vf8gah8lpyz53ue9qf5gz2rfy8wfla
Dash          | DASH | XgWTXGVCNEVVEkL9DQutscjcs6zvDUgccf
Dai/ETH       | DAI  | 0x1D59bBe5d4332e34116DccDE5c1a8c736E1C2810
Dogecoin      | DOGE | DRdtRetmiSFHLkorNHyf4nL2MT375Xkmrm
Ethereum      | ETH  | 0x1D59bBe5d4332e34116DccDE5c1a8c736E1C2810
Filecoin      | FIL  | f1s4n3oog2d3swxgdqz7llo47pdfxu2ykvvptapiq
Litecoin      | LTC  | LfmSZ5yKBf17WwahZK9NEq5w2FLVap4Ctw
Monero        | XMR  | 44YsnJihPB7TBucb17WiXDde7qguUwNmGKFSsyrFqWheEaDKQRtMfGcEU54aJ8PeQNgV7Q9uBWB5CTcvKSMEH4QtE6BT1cm
NEO           | NEO  | ASqXj9MJFeytv74xE1UPmJoCZTgRz39Keu
Polkadot      | DOT  | 15yRQT2m3wS6yGuAbkxgMNMGZvXktp63ZrgmGG6QYYyoEQiV
Shiba Inu/ETH | SHIB | 0x1D59bBe5d4332e34116DccDE5c1a8c736E1C2810
Solana        | SOL  | Eyv43vXxmSshDPReJnfMtrDspugsVR3S6PzJV38rMAZE
Stellar       | XLM  | GBRYVRKX6MOU5IO6QWD4CDULBX32F5B5HCQWQYLFEFQZHRTVNTUKM6IF
Terra         | LUNA | terra1mx695aqeae5rf9etsvdhr48j9lhtgjsc69khtm
Tether/ETH    | USDT | 0x1D59bBe5d4332e34116DccDE5c1a8c736E1C2810
Tether/Tron   | USDT | TNQGZwAUCpwy1cuVSyu1vc6AT19nsmWqRF
Tezos         | XTZ  | tz1dHBNqXUrYzHHW2AUCL6WDP6fFvfiBZwPU
Tron          | TRX  | TNQGZwAUCpwy1cuVSyu1vc6AT19nsmWqRF
Uniswap/ETH   | UNI  | 0x1D59bBe5d4332e34116DccDE5c1a8c736E1C2810
USD Coin/ETH  | USDC | 0x1D59bBe5d4332e34116DccDE5c1a8c736E1C2810
XRP           | XRP  | rQ5hNeQKqiDVyNGgX9qhv5hdDETnsqNgy
Zcash         | ZEC  | t1djHnDg8yGfn6vLPrYgejUFf2ZCF4WMmkp

## Can you help us in any other way?

Yes! There are many ways to support Organic Maps. Please see
[Support Us](@/support-us/index.md) page for more details.


[PayPal]: https://www.paypal.com/donate?hosted_button_id=JYM34AADM87V8 "PayPal donate@organicmaps.app"
[GitHub Sponsors]: https://github.com/sponsors/organicmaps "GitHub Sponsors"
[Liberapay]: https://liberapay.com/OrganicMaps/donate "Liberapay"
[SEPA]: #sepa-and-direct-bank-transfer "SEPA and direct bank transfer"
[Crypto]: #crypto "Donation in crypto"

Commit message:

Rework donation page
Signed-off-by: Roman Tsisyk <roman@tsisyk.com>

content/donate/index.md, after:

---
title: Feed your developers
description: Donate to support the development of our free application
weight: 10
extra:
  menu_title: Donate
  preview_image: donate/donate.png
---

We rely on your **[donations][donate]** to carry out our mission to keep Organic Maps free!

{{ donate_buttons() }}

Organic Maps is free from nasty stuff:

- **No ads**
- **No tracking**
- **No data collection**
- No phoning home
- No annoying registration
- No mandatory tutorials
- No noisy email spam
- No push notifications
- No crapware
- <s>No pesticides</s> Purely organic!

We made  Organic Maps with love ❤️:

- Respects your privacy
- Saves your battery
- No unexpected mobile data charges

Organic Maps promotes the new ideology, which is unique on the market. No ads, no tracking, no secret deals under the table! Everyone can install the full-featured version of Organic Maps from the AppStore, Google Play, F-Droid, or GitHub at no cost.

Moreover, Organic Maps is one of a few applications nowadays that supports 100% of features without an active Internet connection. Install Organic Maps, download maps, throw away your SIM card (BTW, your operator constantly tracks you), and go for a weekly trip on a single battery charge without any byte sent to the network.

As you can guess, Big Money Brothers are not interested in this project. Nothing to sell. Since the beginning in December 2020, Organic Maps has 0 (zero, null, ноль) corporate and/or investor’s money involved. The development of this fork has been funded only by our personal money, and we continue to do so. This is a massive investment of money and time from our family budgets.

We rely on your donations to carry out our mission to keep Organic Maps open and free!


## What will the money be used for?

First of all, we pay for our servers and data transfer costs every month. Assume that with current monthly OSM updates, an average user can download about 500Mb of map data every month. For our existing 100+K users, this will lead to more than 50Tb of downloaded maps per month (and even more with weekly map updates!). For example, [AWS charges $0.08 per GB](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/on-demand/#Data_Transfer), which means $4.4K per month, just for the traffic. Of course, we are not in California to burn all investor’s money for AWS, but at least you should understand the problem we are facing.

Secondly, we want to focus on fixing bugs and improving the stability of the application. GitHub already has hundreds of issues reported, and this number is growing every day. AppStore, Google Play, and our email are overflooded with comments and bugs. We want to deliver a high-quality product. This is the top priority on our list.

Thirdly, there are many other cool things to do:

- Update maps data more often, at least weekly
- Implement proper GPS track recorder
- Add native GPX support
- Backup and sync bookmarks
- Improve map styles and make topo maps better
- Enhance OpenStreetMap editor
- Improve offline search, routing and navigation
- Android Auto
- Public Transport
- ... and many other features you want and love

## How to donate?

There are many ways to donate to the project:

{{ donate_buttons() }}

Recurring donations are the best way to ensure a relatively stable income for
the project and motivate us for long-term tasks and goals. But you can also
donate one time.

### Bank Transfer

#### Euro

|   |   |
|---|---|
Account holder: | Organic Maps OÜ
BIC: | TRWIBEB1XXX
IBAN: | BE39967200310319
Bank name: | TransferWise Europe SA
Bank address: | Avenue Louise 54/S52, Brussels 1050, Belgium
Payment description: | Donation

#### Turkish lira (TL, TRY)

|   |   |
|---|---|
IBAN: | TR740010300000000047306089
Ad Soyad: | Organic Maps OÜ (Birleşik Ödeme Hizmetleri ve Elektronik Para A.Ş)
Açıklama: | Donation

### Crypto

Please consider donating annually to reduce total fees. Algorand, Tron,
Litecoin and Monero networks offer low fees, but situation changes every day.

<p id="crypto_table" />

Name | Token | Address
:--- | :---- | :------
Algorand      | ALGO | 3UZXZEPGFAM7E74IO32Y7O6KOY3E7NNNJVBV4GFS5UWQQSY7AIM5PK7C2E
Binance Coin  | BNB  | bnb1c8vmnqqhqc6lcajpzvuy4ss5dw3vjc7tc5q8zd
Bitcoin       | BTC  | bc1qjkq3tpy2gutsfdlcvys8slkempywk230u8rc8u
Bitcoin Cash  | BCH  | qqcjkzf7nlgvhng5vhq7n7hjrcdqccyqlq9h7gq4xw
Cardano       | ADA  | addr1qxh59080ujswxuzapzrdvuzpglfktg09gq9q7dxpdl7jfka0g27wle9qudc96zyx6ecyz37nvks72sq2pu6vzmlayndsj02qhw
Chainlink/ETH | LINK | 0x1D59bBe5d4332e34116DccDE5c1a8c736E1C2810
Chainlink/SOL | LINK | Eyv43vXxmSshDPReJnfMtrDspugsVR3S6PzJV38rMAZE
Cosmos        | ATOM | cosmos1jurqcft6vf8gah8lpyz53ue9qf5gz2rfy8wfla
Dash          | DASH | XgWTXGVCNEVVEkL9DQutscjcs6zvDUgccf
Dai/ETH       | DAI  | 0x1D59bBe5d4332e34116DccDE5c1a8c736E1C2810
Dogecoin      | DOGE | DRdtRetmiSFHLkorNHyf4nL2MT375Xkmrm
Ethereum      | ETH  | 0x1D59bBe5d4332e34116DccDE5c1a8c736E1C2810
Filecoin      | FIL  | f1s4n3oog2d3swxgdqz7llo47pdfxu2ykvvptapiq
Litecoin      | LTC  | LfmSZ5yKBf17WwahZK9NEq5w2FLVap4Ctw
Monero        | XMR  | 44YsnJihPB7TBucb17WiXDde7qguUwNmGKFSsyrFqWheEaDKQRtMfGcEU54aJ8PeQNgV7Q9uBWB5CTcvKSMEH4QtE6BT1cm
NEO           | NEO  | ASqXj9MJFeytv74xE1UPmJoCZTgRz39Keu
Polkadot      | DOT  | 15yRQT2m3wS6yGuAbkxgMNMGZvXktp63ZrgmGG6QYYyoEQiV
Shiba Inu/ETH | SHIB | 0x1D59bBe5d4332e34116DccDE5c1a8c736E1C2810
Solana        | SOL  | Eyv43vXxmSshDPReJnfMtrDspugsVR3S6PzJV38rMAZE
Stellar       | XLM  | GBRYVRKX6MOU5IO6QWD4CDULBX32F5B5HCQWQYLFEFQZHRTVNTUKM6IF
Terra         | LUNA | terra1mx695aqeae5rf9etsvdhr48j9lhtgjsc69khtm
Tether/ETH    | USDT | 0x1D59bBe5d4332e34116DccDE5c1a8c736E1C2810
Tether/Tron   | USDT | TNQGZwAUCpwy1cuVSyu1vc6AT19nsmWqRF
Tezos         | XTZ  | tz1dHBNqXUrYzHHW2AUCL6WDP6fFvfiBZwPU
Tron          | TRX  | TNQGZwAUCpwy1cuVSyu1vc6AT19nsmWqRF
Uniswap/ETH   | UNI  | 0x1D59bBe5d4332e34116DccDE5c1a8c736E1C2810
USD Coin/ETH  | USDC | 0x1D59bBe5d4332e34116DccDE5c1a8c736E1C2810
XRP           | XRP  | rQ5hNeQKqiDVyNGgX9qhv5hdDETnsqNgy
Zcash         | ZEC  | t1djHnDg8yGfn6vLPrYgejUFf2ZCF4WMmkp

## Can you help us in any other way?

Yes! There are many ways to support Organic Maps. Please see
[Support Us](@/support-us/index.md) page for more details.

[Donate]: https://donate.organicmaps.app
