content/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Organic Maps: Offline Hike, Bike, Trails and Navigation"
description: Fast detailed offline maps for travelers, tourists, drivers, hikers and cyclists created by MapsWithMe (Maps.Me) app founders.
page_template: index.html
sort_by: weight
extra:
  menu_title: Home
---

**Organic Maps** is a free Android & iOS offline maps app for travelers, tourists, hikers, and cyclists based on top of crowd-sourced
**[OpenStreetMap](https://www.openstreetmap.org)** data.
It is a privacy-focused, open-source [fork](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fork_(software_development)) of **Maps.me** app (previously known as [**MapsWithMe**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maps.me)), maintained by the same people who created **MapsWithMe** in 2011.

**Organic Maps** is one of a few applications nowadays that supports 100% of features without an active Internet connection. Install Organic Maps, download maps, throw away your SIM card (by the way, your operator constantly tracks you), and go for a weekly trip on a single battery charge without any byte sent to the network.

{{ badges(lang='en') }}

{{ screenshot(src='/images/screenshots/hiking.jpg', alt='Hiking') }}
{{ screenshot(src='/images/screenshots/prague.jpg', alt='Prague') }}
{{ screenshot(src='/images/screenshots/search.jpg', alt='Offline Search') }}
{{ screenshot(src='/images/screenshots/dark.jpg', alt='Navigation in dark mode') }}

## Features

Organic Maps is the ultimate companion app for travelers, tourists, hikers, and cyclists:

- Detailed offline maps with places that don't exist on other maps, thanks to [OpenStreetMap](https://osm.org)
- Cycling routes, hiking trails, and walking paths
- Contour lines, elevation profiles, peaks, and slopes
- Turn-by-turn walking, cycling, and car navigation with voice guidance
- Fast offline search on the map
- Bookmarks export and import in KML/KMZ formats (GPX is [planned](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/issues/624))
- Dark Mode to protect your eyes
- Countries and regions don't take a lot of space
- Free and open-source

## Why Organic?

Organic Maps is pure and organic, made with love:

- Respects your privacy
- Saves your battery
- No unexpected mobile data charges

Organic Maps app is free from trackers and other bad stuff:

- No ads
- No tracking
- No data collection
- No phoning home
- No annoying registration
- No mandatory tutorials
- No noisy email spam
- No push notifications
- No crapware
- ~~No pesticides~~ Purely organic!

The application is verified by <a href='https://reports.exodus-privacy.eu.org/en/reports/app.organicmaps/latest/'>Exodus Privacy Project</a>:
<br/>
<img src='images/privacy/exodus.png' width='400'>

Organic Maps doesn't request excessive permissions to spy on you:

<img src='images/privacy/om.jpg' width='400'>
<img src='images/privacy/mm.jpg' width='400'>

At Organic Maps, we believe that privacy is a fundamental human right:

- Organic Maps is an indie community-driven open-source project
- We protect your privacy from Big Tech's prying eyes
- Stay safe no matter wherever you are

Reject surveillance - embrace your freedom.


<a href="#install"><strong>Give Organic Maps a try!</strong></a>

## Who is paying for the free app?

The app is free for everyone. Please [donate](@/donate/index.md) to support us!

{{ donate_buttons() }}

### Our sponsors

[Mythic Beasts](https://www.mythic-beasts.com/) ISP [provides us](https://www.mythic-beasts.com/blog/2021/10/06/improving-the-world-bit-by-expensive-bit/)
two virtual servers with 400 TB/month of free bandwidth to help our users with
maps downloads and updates.

### Support us

There are many ways to support us, listed [here](@/support-us/index.md).

## Beta

Please join our beta program, suggest your features, and report bugs:

- [iOS Beta (TestFlight)](https://testflight.apple.com/join/lrKCl08I)
- [Android Beta (Firebase)](https://appdistribution.firebase.dev/i/9ec3bca5e2b47373)
- [Linux Desktop Beta (Flatpak)](https://flathub.org/apps/details/app.organicmaps.desktop)
- [Linux Desktop Beta (packages)](https://repology.org/project/organicmaps/versions)

## Community

Organic Maps is an [open-source software](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps)
licensed under the Apache License 2.0.

- Report bugs or issues to [the issue tracker](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/issues) or [email us](mailto:hello@organicmaps.app).
- [Discuss](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/discussions/categories/ideas) ideas or propose feature requests.
- Subscribe to our [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/OrganicMapsApp) or to the [[matrix] space](https://matrix.to/#/#organicmaps:matrix.org) for updates.
- Join our [Telegram Group](https://t.me/OrganicMaps) to discuss with other users.
- Присоединяйтесь к нашей [русскоязычной группе в Telegram](https://t.me/OrganicMapsRu) для обратной связи и помощи.
- Diğer kullanıcılarla tartışmak için [Telegram Grubumuza](https://t.me/OrganicMapsTR) katılın.
- Visit our [GitHub page](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps).
- Follow our updates in <a rel="me" href="https://fosstodon.org/@organicmaps">Mastodon</a>, [Facebook](https://facebook.com/OrganicMaps), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/OrganicMapsApp),
[Instagram](https://instagram.com/organicmaps.app/).

Commit message:

Fixed ambiguity with sponsors and donate buttons
Signed-off-by: Alexander Borsuk <me@alex.bio>

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Organic Maps: Offline Hike, Bike, Trails and Navigation"
description: Fast detailed offline maps for travelers, tourists, drivers, hikers and cyclists created by MapsWithMe (Maps.Me) app founders.
page_template: index.html
sort_by: weight
extra:
  menu_title: Home
---

**Organic Maps** is a free Android & iOS offline maps app for travelers, tourists, hikers, and cyclists based on top of crowd-sourced
**[OpenStreetMap](https://www.openstreetmap.org)** data.
It is a privacy-focused, open-source [fork](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fork_(software_development)) of **Maps.me** app (previously known as [**MapsWithMe**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maps.me)), maintained by the same people who created **MapsWithMe** in 2011.

**Organic Maps** is one of a few applications nowadays that supports 100% of features without an active Internet connection. Install Organic Maps, download maps, throw away your SIM card (by the way, your operator constantly tracks you), and go for a weekly trip on a single battery charge without any byte sent to the network.

{{ badges(lang='en') }}

{{ screenshot(src='/images/screenshots/hiking.jpg', alt='Hiking') }}
{{ screenshot(src='/images/screenshots/prague.jpg', alt='Prague') }}
{{ screenshot(src='/images/screenshots/search.jpg', alt='Offline Search') }}
{{ screenshot(src='/images/screenshots/dark.jpg', alt='Navigation in dark mode') }}

## Features

Organic Maps is the ultimate companion app for travelers, tourists, hikers, and cyclists:

- Detailed offline maps with places that don't exist on other maps, thanks to [OpenStreetMap](https://osm.org)
- Cycling routes, hiking trails, and walking paths
- Contour lines, elevation profiles, peaks, and slopes
- Turn-by-turn walking, cycling, and car navigation with voice guidance
- Fast offline search on the map
- Bookmarks export and import in KML/KMZ formats (GPX is [planned](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/issues/624))
- Dark Mode to protect your eyes
- Countries and regions don't take a lot of space
- Free and open-source

## Why Organic?

Organic Maps is pure and organic, made with love:

- Respects your privacy
- Saves your battery
- No unexpected mobile data charges

Organic Maps app is free from trackers and other bad stuff:

- No ads
- No tracking
- No data collection
- No phoning home
- No annoying registration
- No mandatory tutorials
- No noisy email spam
- No push notifications
- No crapware
- ~~No pesticides~~ Purely organic!

The application is verified by <a href='https://reports.exodus-privacy.eu.org/en/reports/app.organicmaps/latest/'>Exodus Privacy Project</a>:
<br/>
<img src='images/privacy/exodus.png' width='400'>

Organic Maps doesn't request excessive permissions to spy on you:

<img src='images/privacy/om.jpg' width='400'>
<img src='images/privacy/mm.jpg' width='400'>

At Organic Maps, we believe that privacy is a fundamental human right:

- Organic Maps is an indie community-driven open-source project
- We protect your privacy from Big Tech's prying eyes
- Stay safe no matter wherever you are

Reject surveillance - embrace your freedom.


<a href="#install"><strong>Give Organic Maps a try!</strong></a>

## Who is paying for the free app?

The app is free for everyone. Please [donate](@/donate/index.md) to support us!

### There are different ways to donate:

{{ donate_buttons() }}

### Our sponsors:

[Mythic Beasts](https://www.mythic-beasts.com/) ISP [provides us](https://www.mythic-beasts.com/blog/2021/10/06/improving-the-world-bit-by-expensive-bit/)
two virtual servers with 400 TB/month of free bandwidth to help our users with
maps downloads and updates.

### Support us

There are many ways to support us, listed [here](@/support-us/index.md).

## Beta

Please join our beta program, suggest your features, and report bugs:

- [iOS Beta (TestFlight)](https://testflight.apple.com/join/lrKCl08I)
- [Android Beta (Firebase)](https://appdistribution.firebase.dev/i/9ec3bca5e2b47373)
- [Linux Desktop Beta (Flatpak)](https://flathub.org/apps/details/app.organicmaps.desktop)
- [Linux Desktop Beta (packages)](https://repology.org/project/organicmaps/versions)

## Community

Organic Maps is an [open-source software](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps)
licensed under the Apache License 2.0.

- Report bugs or issues to [the issue tracker](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/issues) or [email us](mailto:hello@organicmaps.app).
- [Discuss](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/discussions/categories/ideas) ideas or propose feature requests.
- Subscribe to our [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/OrganicMapsApp) or to the [[matrix] space](https://matrix.to/#/#organicmaps:matrix.org) for updates.
- Join our [Telegram Group](https://t.me/OrganicMaps) to discuss with other users.
- Присоединяйтесь к нашей [русскоязычной группе в Telegram](https://t.me/OrganicMapsRu) для обратной связи и помощи.
- Diğer kullanıcılarla tartışmak için [Telegram Grubumuza](https://t.me/OrganicMapsTR) katılın.
- Visit our [GitHub page](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps).
- Follow our updates in <a rel="me" href="https://fosstodon.org/@organicmaps">Mastodon</a>, [Facebook](https://facebook.com/OrganicMaps), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/OrganicMapsApp),
[Instagram](https://instagram.com/organicmaps.app/).
