content/faq/general.md, before:

---
title: "F.A.Q. - General questions"
description: "Frequently asked questions for Organic Maps application"
weight: 1000
extra:
  menu_title: F.A.Q. - General questions
---

### Project history

### Кто занимается проектом?

### Чем OM лучше других?

Compare our privacy policy with other maps apps. Tell your friends about the difference. https://organicmaps.app/privacy/

### Что планируется сделать?

### Как отправить нам репорт об ошибке? Как включать логи (только андроид)?

### Where to read latest news updates

Подпишитесь в гитхабе или в телеге на новости о фичах, которые хотите (надо добавить почтовую рассылку на сайт тоже)

### Why you should always update app to the latest version?

Мы постоянно исправляем много багов, обновления карт пока привязаны к обновлениям приложения. Отвяжем.


[github]: https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps
[license]: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
[copyright]: https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/blob/master/data/copyright.html

Commit message:

Changes in faq/general page
Signed-off-by: S. Kozyr <s.trump@gmail.com>

content/faq/general.md, after:

---
title: "F.A.Q. - General questions"
description: "Frequently asked questions for Organic Maps application"
weight: 1000
extra:
  menu_title: F.A.Q. - General questions
---

### Project history

TODO

### Who is working on the project?

Core team consists of:
* Alexander Borsuk
* Konstantin Pastbin
* Viktor Govako
* Roman Tsisyk

Also contributors help with new features, bugfixing, testing, graphical design and translations.

### What are the advantages of OM compared to other maps?

OrganicMaps is focused on speed, privacy, battery efficiency and minimization of network utilization.
You can use offline map for navigation in places far from civilization and in cities with complex traffic network.
Also compare our [privacy policy](/privacy) with other maps apps. Tell your friends about the difference. 

### What is your product roadmap?

Crunch till the end of our days!!

### Why you should always update app to the latest version?

We constantly working on improvements and fixing bugs. New map data is distributed only with regular application updates.

### How to send up a bugreport?

Report bugs or issues to [the issue tracker][issues] or [email us][email].

### Where to read latest news updates?

- Subscribe to our [Telegram Channel][telegram] or to the [matrix space][matrix] for updates.
- Join our [Telegram Group][telegram_chat] to discuss with other users.
- Visit our [GitHub page][github].
- Follow our updates in [Mastodon][mastodon], [Facebook][facebook], [Twitter][twitter], [Instagram][instagram], [Reddit][reddit], [LinkedIn][LinkedIn].

{{ references() }}

[github]: https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps
[license]: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
[copyright]: https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/blob/master/data/copyright.html
