content/support-us/index.md, before:

---
title: Support the development of Organic Maps
description: Different ways to support the development of our free application
extra:
  menu_title: Support Us
  preview_image: support-us/support-us.jpg
---

Organic Maps is a free, open-source app. It is free from ads, it does not collect your personal information,
and it is developed by enthusiasts with the help of the community.

There are different ways to support the development:

- [Donate](@/donate/index.md)! Every dollar or euro counts and helps us to pay for servers and scale.
- Report bugs and share ideas on our [Github](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/issues)
or via [email](mailto:support@organicmaps.app).
- Help us to [fix bugs](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)
and do code reviews if you are a developer. Every fixed small issue makes someone happier.
- [Translate](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#translations)
missing strings in the app's interface.
- Translate [App Store](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/tree/master/iphone/metadata/en-US)
and [Android](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/tree/master/android/src/google/play/listings/en-US)
descriptions into your language.
- [Translate](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps.github.io) our web site into your language.
- Join the [OpenStreetMap](https://www.openstreetmap.org/about) community and contribute to the maps data.
- Support other users on [GitHub](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/issues),
[Telegram](https://t.me/OrganicMaps) ([на русском](https://t.me/OrganicMapsRu)),
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/OrganicMapsApp), [Facebook](https://facebook.com/OrganicMaps),
[Instagram](https://instagram.com/OrganicMaps.app).
- Tell everyone about Organic Maps. A bigger community is a stronger community.
- Rate us in [Google Play](market://details?id=app.organicmaps),
[Apple Store](https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1567437057?action=write-review),
[Huawei Appgallery](appmarket://details?id=app.organicmaps).
- Any help is welcome!

Our small team is very grateful for your feedback and support. Organic Maps would not be possible without our users ❤️.

Commit message:

Support by editing public transport
Signed-off-by: Alexander Borsuk <me@alex.bio>

content/support-us/index.md, after:

---
title: Support the development of Organic Maps
description: Different ways to support the development of our free application
extra:
  menu_title: Support Us
  preview_image: support-us/support-us.jpg
---

Organic Maps is a free, open-source app. It is free from ads, it does not collect your personal information,
and it is developed by enthusiasts with the help of the community.

There are different ways to support the development:

- [Donate](@/donate/index.md)! Every dollar or euro counts and helps us to pay for servers and scale.
- Report bugs and share ideas on our [Github](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/issues)
or via [email](mailto:support@organicmaps.app).
- Help us to [fix bugs](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)
and do code reviews if you are a developer. Every fixed small issue makes someone happier.
- [Translate](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#translations)
missing strings in the app's interface.
- Translate [App Store](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/tree/master/iphone/metadata/en-US)
and [Android](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/tree/master/android/src/google/play/listings/en-US)
descriptions into your language.
- [Translate](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps.github.io) our web site into your language.
- Join the [OpenStreetMap](https://www.openstreetmap.org/about) community and contribute to the maps data.
- Fix red cities found by our [public transport validator](https://cdn.organicmaps.app/subway/), for subways and light rails to work in the app.
- Support other users on [GitHub](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/issues),
[Telegram](https://t.me/OrganicMaps) ([на русском](https://t.me/OrganicMapsRu)),
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/OrganicMapsApp), [Facebook](https://facebook.com/OrganicMaps),
[Instagram](https://instagram.com/OrganicMaps.app).
- Tell everyone about Organic Maps. A bigger community is a stronger community.
- Rate us in [Google Play](market://details?id=app.organicmaps),
[Apple Store](https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1567437057?action=write-review),
[Huawei Appgallery](appmarket://details?id=app.organicmaps).
- Any help is welcome!

Our small team is very grateful for your feedback and support. Organic Maps would not be possible without our users ❤️.
